Progress Software Common Component Specification Project
Release License Agreement


PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORPORATION IS WILLING TO LICENSE THIS SPECIFICATION TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS
CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY DOWNLOADING THIS SPECIFICATION, YOU
ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY IT, SELECT THE "DECLINE" BUTTON AT THE BOTTOM OF
THIS PAGE.

Specification: Common Component Specification 1.0 ("Specification")
Licensor: Progress Software Corporation ("Licensor")
Release: [date]

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1. "Independent Implementation" shall mean an implementation of the Specification that, with the exception of the use or inclusion of the
Sample Code in accordance with the terms and conditions of subparagraph 2.2 below, neither derives from any of Licensor's source code or
binary code materials nor, except with an appropriate and separate license from Licensor, includes any of Licensor's source code or binary
code materials.

1.2. "Specification Implementation Conditions" shall mean written information provided by Licensor which includes the technical conditions
that an Independent Implementation must satisfy in order to be considered an implementation compliant to the Specification, and is made
available on Licensor's website at the following link (or any successor website location designated by Licensor).

1.3. "Specification Test Suite" shall mean the test suite and accompanying user's guide, if any, provided by Licensor which corresponds to
the Specification and is made available on Licensor's website at the following link (or any successor website location designated by
Licensor).

1.4. "Sample Code" shall mean any source code or binary code that Licensor, at its discretion, identifies as "Sample Code" and, at its
discretion, makes available to you to use in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

2. LIMITED LICENSE GRANTS AND LICENSE RESTRICTIONS

2.1. License for the Distribution of Independent Implementations of the Specification.

2.1.1. Licensor grants you a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, fully paid-up, royalty free, limited license (without
the right to sublicense) under any applicable copyrights or, subject to the provisions of Section 3 below, patent rights it may have
covering the Specification to create and/or distribute an Independent Implementation of the Specification that: (a) fully implements the
Specification including all its required interfaces and functionality and (b) satisfies the requirements of Subsections 2.1.1.1 thru
2.1.1.3 below.

2.1.1.1. If Licensor has made Specification Implementation Conditions available as of the date Licensee completes its Independent
Implementation, then Licensee must, prior to making any claim that its Independent Implementation complies with the Specification, ensure
that the Independent Implementation satisfies all of the Specification Implementation Conditions. If Licensor subsequently makes available
or updates, from time to time, the Specification Implementation Conditions, then Licensee will verify that its Independent Implementation
satisfies the latest version of the Specification Implementation Conditions within ninety (90) days following Licensor's release thereof.

2.1.1.2. If Licensor has made a Specification Test Suite available as of the date Licensee completes its Independent Implementation, then
Licensee must, prior to making any claim that its Independent Implementation complies with the Specification, verify that it successfully
passes the Specification Test Suite. If Licensor subsequently makes available or updates a Specification Test Suite after Licensee
completes its Independent Implementation, then Licensee will verify that its Independent Implementation passes the latest version of the
Specification Test Suite within ninety (90) days following Licensor's release thereof.

2.1.1.3. Licensee will be responsible for checking Licensor's website at the following link (or any successor website location designated
by Licensor) periodically to determine if there have been any new releases or updates to the Specification Implementation Conditions and/or
Specification Test Suite.

2.1.2. In addition, the foregoing license is expressly conditioned on your not acting outside its scope. No license is granted hereunder
for any other purpose (including, for example, modifying the Specification, Specification Implementation Conditions and/or the
Specification Test Suite, other than to the extent of your fair use rights, or distributing the Specification, Specification Implementation
Conditions and/or Specification Test Suite to third parties).

2.1.3. You need not include limitations (a) and (b) from subparagraph 2.1.1 above or any other particular "pass through" requirements in
any license you grant concerning the use of your Independent Implementation or products derived from it. However, except with respect to
Independent Implementations (and products derived from them) that satisfy limitations (a) and (b) from subparagraph 2.1.1, you may neither:
(a) grant or otherwise pass through to your licensees any licenses under Licensor's applicable intellectual property rights; nor (b) make
any claims, or authorize your licensees to make any claims, concerning the Independent Implementation's compliance with the Specification
in question.

2.2. License for Sample Code. Licensor grants you a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, fully paid-up, royalty free,
irrevocable license under any applicable intellectual property rights it may have covering the Sample Code to use, reproduce, modify,
display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Sample Code, with or without modification, and on a standalone basis or in combination with
any other items, including, without limitation, your Independent Implementation, and to sublicense such rights to others at multiple tiers
of distribution. Licensor and/or its licensors retain ownership of all right, title and interest in the Sample Code, and all intellectual
property rights therein. All rights in the Sample Code not expressly granted to you in this Agreement are reserved for Licensor. You will
retain all right, title and interest in any modifications you make to the Sample Code ("Sample Code Modifications"), and all intellectual
property rights therein. You grant Licensor a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, fully paid-up, royalty free,
irrevocable license under any applicable intellectual property rights you may have covering the Sample Code Modifications to use,
reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Sample Code Modifications, with or without modification, and on a
standalone basis or in combination with any other items and to sublicense such rights to others at multiple tiers of distribution.

2.3. No Right to use Licensor's Marks or Names. Also, no right, title, or interest in or to any trademarks, service marks, or trade names
of Licensor or Licensor's licensors is granted hereunder.


3. Reciprocity Concerning Patent Licenses.

3.1. With respect to any patent claims covered by the license granted by Licensor to you under subparagraph 2.1 above that would be
infringed by all technically feasible implementations of the Specification, such license is conditioned upon your offering on fair,
reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, to any party seeking it from you, a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide license
under your patent rights which are or would be infringed by all technically feasible implementations of the Specification to develop,
distribute and use an Independent Implementation.

3.2. With respect to any patent claims owned by Licensor and covered by the license granted under subparagraph 2.1, whether or not their
infringement can be avoided in a technically feasible manner when implementing the Specification, such license shall terminate with respect
to such claims if you initiate a claim against Licensor that it has induced any other entity to infringe your patent rights.

3.3. Also with respect to any patent claims owned by Licensor and covered by the license granted under subparagraph 2.1 above, where the
infringement of such claims can be avoided in a technically feasible manner when implementing the Specification, such license, with respect
to such claims, shall terminate if you initiate a claim against Licensor that its making, having made, using, offering to sell, selling or
importing an Independent Implementation infringes your patent rights.



4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

THE SPECIFICATION, SPECIFICATION TEST SUITE AND SAMPLE CODE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". LICENSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT
(INCLUDING AS A CONSEQUENCE OF ANY PRACTICE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SPECIFICATION AND/OR ANY USE OF THE SPECIFICATION TEST SUITE AND/OR
ANY USE, MODIFICATION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SAMPLE CODE), OR THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE SPECIFICATION, SPECIFICATION TEST SUITE AND/OR
SAMPLE CODE ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE. This document does not represent any commitment to release or implement any portion of the
Specification in any product. In addition, the Specification, Specification Test Suite and/or Sample Code could include technical
inaccuracies or typographical errors.



5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

5.1. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOST REVENUE, PROFITS OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND
REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO YOUR HAVING, IMPELEMENTING OR OTHERWISE USING THE
SPECIFICATION AND/OR HAVING OR USING THE SPECIFICATION IMPLEMENTATION CONDITIONS AND/OR SPECIFICATION TEST SUITE AND/OR HAVING, MODIFYING,
SUBLICENSING, DISTRIBUTING OR USING THE SAMPLE CODE, EVEN IF LICENSOR AND/OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

5.2. You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Licensor and its licensors from any claims arising or resulting from: (i) your use of
the Specification, Specification Implementation Conditions and/or Specification Test Suite; (ii) the use or distribution of your
Independent Implementation; (iii) your use, modification or distribution of the Sample Code and/or (iv) any claims that later versions or
releases of any Specification furnished to you are incompatible with the Specification provided to you under this license.



6. RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND
U.S. Government: If this Specification, the Specification Implementation Conditions, the Specification Test Suite and/or the Sample Code
is/are being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then
the Government's rights in the Specification, Specification Implementation Conditions, Specification Test Suite and/or Sample Code and
accompanying documentation shall be only as set forth in this license; this is in accordance with 48 C.F.R. 227.7201 through 227.7202-4
(for Department of Defense (DoD) acquisitions) and with 48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DoD acquisitions).



7. REPORT
If you provide Licensor with any comments or suggestions concerning the Specification ("Feedback"), you hereby: (i) agree that such
Feedback is provided on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis, and (ii) grant Licensor a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully
paid-up, irrevocable license, with the right to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to incorporate, disclose, and use
without limitation the Feedback for any purpose.



8. GENERAL TERMS

8.1. Any action related to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and controlling U.S. federal
law. The U.N. Convention for the International Sale of Goods and the choice of law rules of any jurisdiction will not apply.

8.2. The Specification, Specification Implementation Conditions, Specification Test Suite and Sample Code are subject to U.S. export
control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. Licensee agrees to comply strictly with all such laws
and regulations and acknowledges that it has the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export or import as may be required
after delivery to Licensee.

8.3. This Agreement is the parties' entire agreement relating to its subject matter. It supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or
written communications, proposals, conditions, representations and warranties and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any
quote, order, acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties relating to its subject matter during the term of this Agreement.
No modification to this Agreement will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of each party.


Rev 7-July-2015
